

WP

Abstract:

Monkey (m0nk3y) Capital creates the first Inter-Blockchain fungibility mechanism [the Monkey Crypto Asset eXchange Platform (MCAXP)] allowing Inter-Blockchain exchange of a family of Waves and ER20 based existing Token Assets, and ceates the first Venture Currency [Monkey Inter-Exchange Token (MIX)] that is 1:1 fungible with a myriad of Monkey and Non-Monkey Tokens. 

Intro: 

While Blockchain Tokens have utility within their own system (typically either as use-case or store-of-value), they are vertically locked.  That is, with the exception of trading one blockchain token against another (value against value) on token exchanges, Tokens function only within their own blockchain, and only for specific and limited use cases.  The Monkey (m0nk3y) Crypto Asset eXchange Platform (MCAXP) will Liberate Token Utility to create numerous options for value creation, and will do this via novel 2 mechanisms. 

1. The Monkey (m0nk3y) Inter-Exchange Software (MIXS) will allow real Inter-Blockchain transactions, meaning true 1:1 blockchain fungibility, and will redefine Tokens, Blockchains, and Utility. 

2. MIXS will also upcycle dormant or devalued tokens by accepting token submissions and remitting Monkey Inter-Exchange (MIX) Tokens in return, thereby producing further inter blockchain utility options. 



Monkey Crytpo Asset Exchange Platform (MCAXP) Components:

The Monkey Inter-Exchange Software (MIXS) provides the mechanims by which existing Waves and ER20 based Monkey Token Assets may be transferred from one blockchain to another.  There are currently 14 Monkey Assets:

  Waves Tokens
  COE, MNY, ZUS, MARS, PRE, PVT, PLC, KEY, CHANCE, PLAYER, COA
  
  Ethereum Tokens
  PRE, COE, MNY (pending)
  
Via the MIXS, any of these tokens may be transferred to any of the other blockchains.  For example  MNY (waves) could be sent to the MIXS and transferred to the PRE (ethereum) blockchain and then sent to the MIXS and transferred to the Mars (waves) blockchain and then finally sent to the MIXS and transferred to the PLAYER (waves) blockchain. 

(question here -- what if someone transferes to the COA blockchain, what does that do to POV mining? and the rights of the token that was transferred to the COA blockchain?)

(futher, to be addressed below in use cases, what would be a utility example of COA on the PRE blockchain?)

(insert diagram here by Palfrun, Topham, or Danny)



